hey guys what's going on it's time for
some dumb Yahoo Answers I've been asked
a lot to do this series and I do it
every once in a while it's sometimes
it's really hard to find really dumb
questions but I found some and this is
an old game play I'm not sure I hope I
haven't used it but if I have I'm really
sorry I'm like I'm horrible with naming
files and so every once in a while I get
what I've used things on accident so
whatever it's still exciting game plays
so does the matter let's get to the
questions it's normal for my date to
wear his tuxedo like he's getting
married two weeks ago I had my first day
with my best guy friend he asked me out
on a date to Red Robin it was really
sweet of him but when he showed up I
felt embarrassed because he was wearing
that tux when we started eating he told
the waiter that he was going to marry me
this feels so wrong I mean this is his
first time taking girl out to eat what
should I do
you meds am a Metamucil excuse me you
have a stage five clinger you need to
run the hell oh wait do not talk to this
person you said he's your best guy
friend this is too much this is too much
he's even ruined the friendzone from
himself that's shit's too much
that's scary usually it's the girl
that's like that's getting married I'm
gonna spend the rest of my life with you
and pop out dozens of babies but if this
guy thing a little too far never wear a
tuxedo on your first date that is weird
and yeah I don't even know how you deal
with a situation like that I I if my
boyfriend was showed up on our first
date wearing a tuxedo I probably
wouldn't like uh what the hell what are
you doing this is no you're gonna you
need to change sir you need to change
then after that there wouldn't have been
another date I would have went on the
pity date because I would have felt bad
and just been like now we can't go
anymore but this is this is a big no-no
it's normal for my kids to be writing
erotic stories about Sonic the Hedgehog
as much as I like to see him doing
creative writing this worries me so a
really quick story when I was a little
girl I used to pretend that was Sonic
the Hedgehog and run all around but that
I was super hyper as a kid it's it's a
little too much but that's uh am I the
only one who wants to read these stories
and know what Sonic is packing 1 & 2 you
know any he you want Sonic to go a
little faster and then he like spins up
and then just rolls I want to know how
that's gonna be used in a sonic erotica
because I feel like the results would be
pretty impressive can men have periods
my butt is bleeding I really need to
know I'm afraid that I am a transsexual
this individual has no idea what the
hell is going on
and they have no idea what a transsexual
is so yeah I don't know it's just like
oh boy I don't know
I think they maybe thought like maybe
I'm a hermaphrodite never vagina I
didn't know about under there I've
always wondered that though like when
you're growing up you have no idea what
you're um you like you really have no
idea what's going down below
so you're poly like hmm does this look
normal
there's always funny genital questions
on Yahoo Answers so I don't know well
there's one of them I know this is kind
of random but doesn't Bieber remind you
of Tupac when he flirts with girls oh no
no no he does not
am I gonna die because I watched this
cursed video look I watched this video
on YouTube that's supposed to be cursed
if you watch it you'll have a week to
live so I watched it so I'm gonna die in
a week if it's truly cursed and how do
you reverse it I don't want to die but
they're like I remember when I again
another one when I was growing up when
you're gullible and you're growing up
and you have no idea what the world
means you read those stupid spam emails
it's like you're gonna die unless you
send this to 20 people and I'm like shit
I'm gonna have 20 people I've friends
whatever 20 people friends whoever I'm
gonna die shit I should tell my mom I
always thought those emails were
bullshit though but I had friends who
would be like freaked out and they would
send me that should I'm like look you're
not gonna die you're not gonna get
kissed in ten days by your dream crush
stop
this bullshit should you shave the hair
in your butts if you have hair in your
butt that's that's really that's curious
that's very curious I don't think you're
supposed to have hair in your body you
can have it outside your but it's the
hearing oh gosh that just sounds awful
to me because then you know I hear every
once in a while falls off like every
time you have a bowel movement said
bowel movement or poop okay
have like little little hairs in there
occasionally or might get stuck on the
hair inside your butt I don't want to
talk about this anymore it's frankly
disturbing me like cuz I there's so much
going on in my head and I'm picturing
things let's just send this now I hope
you guys have a fantastic day
don't touch the hair inside your butt
and yeah like if you enjoyed and